---
layout: post
title: Learning Modern  C++
description: c++ projects
image: 
category: 
tags: c++ coding review book
date: 2020-02-05 20:33 -0700
---
As I may have mentioned in an earlier [post]({% post_url 2020-01-14-blog %}), I've been reading  [C++ Crash Course - A Fast-Paced Introduction](https://www.amazon.com/C-Crash-Course-Josh-Lospinoso/dp/1593278888/ref=sr_1_1?keywords=c%2B%2B+crash+course&qid=1579041798&s=books&sr=1-1) to learn aspects of the language that have changed since 99-04.  C++11, C++14, C++17, and the current spec for C++20, ie C++2a, have changed the whole landscape of C++ programming entirely. 

While I have only read up until mid-way chapter 10 on Testing, and I've [completed](https://github.com/nicebub/CPP_CrashCourse/) each end of chapter problem up until [chapter 7](https://github.com/nicebub/CPP_CrashCourse/tree/master/chptr7/), I've learned so much already. I look forward to continuing my reading and growth.  Working on the problems at the end of the book help to instill the new coding paradims and techniques as well as help me harness the new powers of C++.

There are a few major ideas missing right now from the chapters and coding problems that get picked up in later chapters: mainly the frameworks and libraries that make up the C++ standar libraries, STL, boost libraries, and more.  Iterators, Containers, File and Stream manipulation folllow as well as going over certain algorithms and concurrency issues.  Networking and sockets have a chapter too.

All in all, there is a lot to go over, review, code example problems, and relearn.  C++ has gorwn to such a large language with tons of preexisting work to base new code applications off of. 

I just wish there was more time in the day to get all the reading and coding done at the same time. I would like to move on to other languages and their moderization as well, such as Java and Python to name a few.